look out there out there is the perfect
lap you see it I think so
most people called Carroll Shelby
maybe Lee Iacocca Ford Motor suppose
henry ford ii wanted to build the
greatest race car the world's ever seen
to win the 24 Hours of LeMans what's it
take I'll take something money can't buy
when he can buy speed what in about
speed you need a pure racer behind a
wheeler car i skin miles I don't trust
him an inch we heard he's difficult
no no Ken's a puppy dog
No whatever it is show now
trust me you're gonna build a car to
beat Ferrari with a correct and how long
did you tell them that you needed to 300
years it's 90 days
this isn't the first time Lord motors
gone to war we know how to do more than
push paper
go ahead kill go to war thank you sir
do you think you can beat Ferrari
lighter faster
that don't work were nastier
make history
you ready I was born ready mr. Shelby
hit it
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi sunny
v16 no we call that the wedge you know
it is this game baseball
this guy was made yourself signed to the
eggs you were Yankee almost I made the
biggest mistake of my life that night so
do you have a plan
maybe something in management anyway you
barely have a high school diploma okay
still coaching you add this stuff to be
one of the great yeah but I'm not says
you've been back home
it's a couple weeks no I'm sorry
yeah yeah wasn't they're not gonna want
to see you anymore this morning to move
on it's gonna take off people get used
to you back I want you to meet that kid
certainly doesn't lack confidence you
can learn a lot from Sammy I want you
two to get to know each other okay I'm
not going to teach me so step off your
next superstar let's see what you got
hotshot what would you say if I got you
a spot on the team and say you were
crazy I think you still got the goods I
think it's great
baseball is who you are sweetie homes
where
listen then Scouts to seal you how many
people don't want to see me in a Yankee
uniform nice how things will falling
back into place people just don't trust
myself you trust every instinct
believing yourself it's like a
one-of-a-kind story like baseball
history second chances are hard to come
by
be grateful you get
destroy a no-hitter against us
this might be I'll let it end this way
yeah no grabber back
[Music]
even like baseball no I like soccer you
know that I almost forgot to show you
guys what I found this morning
that's a shirt kid
I am going to take you to a place that
no tourists would ever find in a million
years chance of a lifetime
[Music]
Mayan they'll make human sacrifices here
[Applause]
[Music]
what are you thinking about
I do what I do because of my dad he's a
hero
he gave his life for the pursuit of
knowledge
[Music]
it's crazy out there there's fires
everywhere and plane crashes they're
calling it the search major we have some
highly classified information working
tell us about the Lima project its
objective was to search for advanced
extraterrestrial life the ship
disappeared approximately 16 years into
the mission and the commander was it was
my father Sir this might come as quite a
shock to you
your father was experimenting with a
highly classified material that could
threaten our entire solar system all
life would be destroyed we're counting
on you to find out what's happening out
there I worry about you I love you
please begin your psychological
evaluation as best you can please
describe your current mental and
emotional state I am feeling good ready
to do my job to the best of my abilities
I remain fully committed to the lawful
completion of the mission if necessary I
will destroy the project in its entirety
the earthly hopes in him
and now it's fake
he's known me
[Music]
we have a job to do are you ready I'm
ready
you
[Music]
do you believe in love at first sight
yeah I do
so here's the new guy boy your thing for
him
no no maybe
know what you want to do in life
I don't look beautiful yeah yeah vizor
remember men are simple Eddie and
yourself a man with sad eyes man's got a
smile and leave you with a heart full of
heart
[Music]
making you pay for what you heard me
there she is
you ever been to San Francisco of course
why is it nice things I've just been
tough for my mommy this happens next
time you're out we all got our place no
more kidding
it's not true isn't it what you do how
would I love how I look you know you
don't thank you
know you do
however there's an accident
don't look like no accident
seems like not a whole lot of people are
happy
[Music]
I think people need to learn to
appreciate things more
[Music]
[Applause]
so he looking at us or my life is just
so amazing
[Music]
with your imagination you can create
anything where's the food the beds were
promised school supplies they want you
to go meet with them in New York they
want you to give us millions of dollars
I'm not coming back without a suitcase
full of money
you must be Isabel yes I'm Teresa so
nice to meet you so we have a list of
priorities I have the caterers on the
line I'm really sorry about that you
just caught me at a very busy time my
daughters getting married this weekend
come to the wedding we can get to know
each other better I pronounce you
husband and wife
[Music]
hey good you made it Isabelle runs an
oarfish in India that I'm thinking of
funding oh yeah what are you doing here
I didn't know hi Isabel ray I told you
that I would call you that you didn't
this is strange to see Oscar again
he's good-looking man now but back then
I must have really been something
[Music]
I'm about to donate a small fortune to
the orphan Isabelle runs in India I
don't trust your wife she's gonna give
you money for your charity you're gonna
question her integrity huh 20 million
what does she want
[Music]
you know that you're not the only one
affected by this rate we don't get to
choose
you tell her all right well I want to
know everything
what did you do
[Music]
what brings in today uh I have a hard
time focusing you get enough sleep every
night
[Music]
how much is enough six to eight hours
Oh way more than that I had a friend she
was prescribed done at her role and now
she's very alert you know some people
abused that or all right let's get you
healthy I want you to try losing 55
pounds that's the weight of a Siberian
Husky you want me to pull a medium-sized
working dog off of my body it's trying
to feel like everyone's lives are going
places and the mind sort of stuck hold
it hold it please try not to leave all
your stuff in the hallway that'd be the
third time this month change is possible
if I keep interviewing no one thinks I'm
the right fit I would love you to walk
me through CPR or this doll oh I'm sorry
this child was dead I need to get a
teeny bit healthier we have rates as low
as 129 dollars a month you do know that
people can run outside that is zero
I'm luck
you do that somebody chasing you over
did you do what's doing it sorry I'm
talking baseball my sister she owns a
company house in pet-sitting all right
I'll stay bad taste in music you the new
girl I'm the nighttime guy Jaron
I'm done with the drinking I'm don't
like this model 50,000 people from
around the world are racing today I want
to run the New York City Marathon I see
that it's such a good idea thank you so
much I'm really good at making profiles
God woman it's not that bad I'm just
gonna give you mine okay do you know how
to spell herpes
my whole life the world told me I was
lazy because the way I looked was trying
to turn my life around
everything is gonna be fine people help
doors for me how old are you you change
your life was never about your weight
was about you taking responsibility for
yourself when I first met my mother she
couldn't pronounce my name my father
suggested that they renamed me
they picked Luce which means light if
you googled models student Luce Edgar's
picture would come up on the computer
given Lucis background you and Peter
must have faced quite a few challenges
that language barrier the culture shop I
mean you don't pull a kid out of a war
zone and have him turn out like loose
without a lot of help which is why this
is so difficult difficult last week he
wrote a paper in which he argued that
violence was a necessary cleansing force
you teach this I don't know what
something's going on and I want to be in
front of it
she thinks I'm a poster boy my kid who
overcame his tragic past you really
don't like her do you
okay what about a responsibility to tell
the truth
you don't conform to what she wants to
suddenly you're the enemy
this woman has some kind of vendetta
against loose is the chance that what he
wrote is went over your head I can tell
the difference between miscommunication
and provocations like it how about is
something like that might be someone
freaked out you really think I believe
that stuff I don't know you threaten
your teacher I did it loose
don't lie to be knocked loose it's the
truth miss Wilson
there were a lot homers this woman
decided to go after him on some witch
hunt
my home was vandalized
I'm not gonna ruin some kid's life
because you come in here with some
hunches sure as hell is about to be it's
like I only get to be a saint or a
monster this will mr. Scott saw a mental
breakdown he's lying Darius once you
know something
just goes to show you you never really
know what's going on with people there's
a sniper for at least Special Forces
this guy's more than a professional I
don't know what I would have done if you
hadn't found me I'm not used to saving
people what were you doing around here
she arrived in the US a month ago
looking for her no cell phone no ID you
don't want anyone to find you do you who
are you tell me where she is
I know what you do for a living
what are you doing this is what could
have seen you you've learned a
punishment for breaking the rules
open the door you almost got us killed
we have to stay hidden here what this is
not a game
did you go outside No did you never lie
to me
I'm not lying I want to know what's in
an ice cream truck
frozen kid bodies tummy-side does any
flavor you want
[Music]
you use the term freaks
any freaks who are running loose are
you better get away from my house
[Music]
some people believe if we repeat stories
often enough
they become real
[Music]
they make us who we are that can be
scary
eat it Harold you want to see on it
house some kids went missing so they
boarded it up
okay
I saw it we go now toward the chicken
[Music]
what's that it's a book of scary stories
tell me a story
hey what's going on Tommy's missing
Tommy's name was in the book there's no
way it's actually connected right okay
what is what happens in the book is
exactly what's happened for real oh my
god listen you're in the next story
reading it right here I'm afraid that we
broke something up
you shouldn't have taken the book
we've got to stop it
sarah bellows his book where the stories
write themselves and it all comes alive
you're so beautiful
they're beautiful who you choose girl
chooses your whole life my daughter has
turned into a fine girl and a good man
has asked for her hand
he never laid eyes on something so pure
we're never gonna make any sense
we're first wanting to go because only
thing that makes any sense in this place
when the devil creepily you need someone
to see the truth even when you don't
you got a choice you got to make
[Music]
I couldn't find my way to the truth of
it I ain't listen to the spirits the
serpent will purify you the circle will
cleanse you won't
come on and get clean
[Music]
sorry thing on our communication she
can't be a part of your number
there are loners that's what I'll let
you do to me
[Music]